Updated a pre-exisitng course with the updated course (#7441)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-hi.md

### JavaScript

* [JavaScript \| Beginning to Mastery Complete Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chx9Rs41W6g&list=PLwgFb6VsUj_n15Cg_y2ULKfsOR1XiQqPx) - Harshit Vashisth

> * [JavaScript Tutorial \| Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLu0W_9lII9ahR1blWXxgSlL4y9iQBnLpR) - CodeWithHarry

Reviewer: We preffer mantain both since has different audiency (begginners / all)

```suggestion
* [JavaScript Tutorials for Beginners in Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLu0W_9lII9ahR1blWXxgSlL4y9iQBnLpR) - CodeWithHarry
* [JavaScript Tutorials In Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLu0W_9lII9ajyk081To1Cbt2eI5913SsL) - CodeWithHarry
```
